README.md, before:

# Regis

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.7.

## Cloning

Clone this project.
Run npm install in the cloned project folder.
Ensure that @angular/cli has been installed globally. If not, run npm install -g @angular/cli.
Follow the steps below to run a dev server or build the project.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Collaboration Instructions in README.md
Instructions for collaboration, branch creation, and merging.

README.md, after:

# Regis

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.7.

## Collaboration

The master branch is only for final reviewed commits.

Making Changes:
1. Create a new branch off of dev branch.
2. Commit changes locally and create a pull request.
3. After this request has been reviewed, merge the branch to dev.
4. The dev branch will be progressively merged to master.

## Cloning

Clone the project.
Run npm install in the cloned project folder.
Ensure that @angular/cli has been installed globally. If not, run npm install -g @angular/cli.
Follow the steps below to run a dev server or build the project.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
